README.md, before:

# Hajime! Timer App

A customizable timer application with multiple interactive views, built using React and Framer Motion. This app allows users to set work and pause intervals, cycle counts, and switch between Analog, Digital, and Text views, all while maintaining the timer state. The app includes animated transitions and engaging loading and alarm screens.

## Features

- **Loading and Alarm Screens**: Animated loading and alarm screens using dynamic PNG animations.
- **Customizable Timer Settings**: Set work duration, pause duration, and repeat cycles.
- **Multiple Timer Views**:
  - **Analog View**: Displays a classic clock with animated hands.
  - **Digital View**: Shows the countdown in digital format.
  - **Text View**: A unique countdown with animated text.
- **State Persistence**: Timer continues from where it left off even when switching views.

## Tech Stack

- **React**: Component-based structure and state management.
- **EasyTimer**: Making timers and state manegment of them a breeze...
- **Framer Motion**: For seamless animations and transitions.
- **CSS**: Custom styling with support for animations and responsive design.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js and npm installed.

### Installation

1. Clone this repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/timer-app.git
   cd timer-app
   ```
2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install react framer-motion easytimer-react-hook
   ```

### Running the App

To start the app locally:
```bash
npm start
```

Visit `http://localhost:3000` in your browser to view the app.

### File Structure

- **src/Components**: Individual components for different views and screens.
- **src/Context**: Context API for managing global timer state.
- **src/Styles**: CSS files for styling components.
- **src/Assets**: Images and logos used in animations.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE` for more details.

---

Commit message:

first commit: Updated README to include note about TypeScript conversion

README.md, after:

# Hajime! Timer App

A customizable timer application with multiple interactive views, built using React and Framer Motion. This app allows users to set work and pause intervals, cycle counts, and switch between Analog, Digital, and Text views, all while maintaining the timer state. The app includes animated transitions and engaging loading and alarm screens.

## Features

- **Loading and Alarm Screens**: Animated loading and alarm screens using dynamic PNG animations.
- **Customizable Timer Settings**: Set work duration, pause duration, and repeat cycles.
- **Multiple Timer Views**:
  - **Analog View**: Displays a classic clock with animated hands.
  - **Digital View**: Shows the countdown in digital format.
  - **Text View**: A unique countdown with animated text.
- **State Persistence**: Timer continues from where it left off even when switching views.

## Tech Stack

- **React**: Component-based structure and state management.
- **EasyTimer**: Making timers and state management of them a breeze.
- **Framer Motion**: For seamless animations and transitions.
- **CSS**: Custom styling with support for animations and responsive design.

## TypeScript Version

We are in the process of converting this project to TypeScript for improved type safety and maintainability. The TypeScript version will bring additional reliability, as TypeScript helps catch errors during development and makes the codebase easier to refactor and extend.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js and npm installed.

### Installation

1. Clone this repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/timer-app.git
   cd timer-app
   ```
2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

### Running the App

To start the app locally:
```bash
npm start
```

Visit `http://localhost:3000` in your browser to view the app.

### File Structure

- **src/Components**: Individual components for different views and screens.
- **src/Context**: Context API for managing global timer state.
- **src/Styles**: CSS files for styling components.
- **src/Assets**: Images and logos used in animations.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE` for more details.

---

**Note**: We are currently working on a separate branch to convert the entire codebase to TypeScript. This conversion aims to enhance type safety, making the project more robust and developer-friendly. Stay tuned for future updates!
